Dr Katrina Groves: Good morning.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hope you can hear me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Dr groves just getting trying to do. Anthony Hatfield. Again, it's a may 3 for his history and physical. So let's see how this goes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hello there. We're trying trying this again.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, should work this time.
Dr Katrina Groves: Alright, so I hear you. Good. But I can't see you. So how do you do your
Own
TCL A503DL: Business Park anywhere in eternal brightness up maybe
Dr Katrina Groves: There's a little. There you go.
Dr Katrina Groves: There it is. Yes.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hi.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so starting over from yesterday, I think we were
Dr Katrina Groves: You were talking about how you started smoking pot at age eight and then alcohol at age 12 and then bike it in at 14 and then met at 18 and then let me
TCL A503DL: Gone. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So can you pick up
TCL A503DL: I don't know what it is they're really good. I mean, that's
Dr Katrina Groves: So, no, I'm
TCL A503DL: Just I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Just worried that history.
Needles.
TCL A503DL: 22 or something like that 21 I don't know it wasn't you know
TCL A503DL: We were like, when oxy cotton was first made a friend of ours mom had them right across the street from KC, and so I was always there and you know
TCL A503DL: I remember
TCL A503DL: He, you know, we didn't know what they were. And so we're taking biking and stuff. And he's like, oh, you know, he gets their 80s and
TCL A503DL: He takes two of them.
TCL A503DL: And he's, you know, puking all over and and you know not we're not, you know, we don't know enough about the drugs at this time, we don't even realize that it's an opiate, you know, or like he's just sick and he's you know scratched his face all to hell and
TCL A503DL: So then he gives our friend BJ couple and like he's trying to get me to take on like now I'm good.
TCL A503DL: And he takes something you can take two of them and goes to school. He was all over the school and stuff and
TCL A503DL: Then he's got more, it gives me so. So I took pieces of them. And then, you know,
TCL A503DL: But I always was the one who was like the worst I'd take the most take more, you know, it was never
TCL A503DL: I don't know. I wanted maximum effect. And so, yeah. CASEY didn't take, you know, he took small pieces of pills for years and I, you know,
TCL A503DL: I was taking two of them, and was fine. After you know good six months into it or some
Dr Katrina Groves: So when, when did you decide are things that maybe you've had a problem with them. At what age.
TCL A503DL: Did you
Dr Katrina Groves: Start having
TCL A503DL: A problem, probably, you know, while getting in trouble. I got in trouble. Like I know right when I turned 19 or before. And so I got put in drug court and
TCL A503DL: You know, I was introduced to that stuff. But, I mean, I didn't really wanted admit it, but I knew you know somewhere down inside and, you know, things just got worse and, you know,
TCL A503DL: More isolation, you know, like my mom, you know I steal ship from her and shit like that. And she you know you don't want me around. And so, you know, as life gets worse you you know
TCL A503DL: Have to get more honest with yourself about what's going on. And, you know, like, I don't know. I'd say I've, I've known, it's a problem since early 20s, you know,
How many
Dr Katrina Groves: How many times have you tried to get clean
TCL A503DL: Oh god.
TCL A503DL: One of the people who actually, you know,
TCL A503DL: I started trying to i mean i when i was on drug court. I mean, I had a bunch of clean time and then, you know, I got a couple of dirty tests when I wasn't very
TCL A503DL: And that was when I really stopped giving a shit about that program and just, you know,
TCL A503DL: It's like if I'm going to go to jail, all the time anyway. And I have to start over every single time. Then I'm just going to run because then I just have to go to jail for a month and be done and just run again, you know, it's like six months for freedom versus, you know, drug court.
Dr Katrina Groves: system is broken.
Dr Katrina Groves: You know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Any overdoses. Tony, or I
TCL A503DL: Would think we come in, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: You had at least three or four
TCL A503DL: Yeah. Number one at the swamp.
TCL A503DL: Right and
TCL A503DL: I don't, you know, because I remember there and I was like 20 or 25 and they I'm with a bunch of old school people, you know, and
TCL A503DL: And I do a shot and I instantly. I'm like, in my head, I'm like, Oh shit, you know,
TCL A503DL: God track. Cool. And that's last thing I remember somebody handed me like boiling hot camping coffee and I dump it dumped it right my lap. As soon as they handed to me and I guess that woke me up. I didn't feel it when I woke up and yeah peak for like three days straight.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any hospitalizations from
TCL A503DL: There was the one you know the time one like I told you that I think it was more like a blackout. But yeah, so most Namibians
TCL A503DL: Doesn't for some reason to Ambien
TCL A503DL: Yeah, but now you know
TCL A503DL: Every time I you know I
TCL A503DL: Went out and then came back awake, you know, pretty quickly and then was just really out of it. After that, but it was awake and you
TCL A503DL: Know, I would say cognizant but
Dr Katrina Groves: So when was the last time you had a relapse at Frankie's
TCL A503DL: Of God, how long I've been out of there's gotta be going on three months or something. No.
Dr Katrina Groves: hasn't been that long.
TCL A503DL: I don't know, least a couple months. Okay.
TCL A503DL: Yeah yeah
TCL A503DL: I stopped keeping dates or you know i i know around when I don't know that you know it's it's just a song a rule to break if I have it. You know, so
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, and that's hard to because it's like, well, okay, when's the last time you use methamphetamines same time as the heroin. You know, I just good for me to keep track in my head, how much time you got
TCL A503DL: And then, yeah.
TCL A503DL: Yeah. Yeah, I know. You know, I usually know within a month or, you know, as long as it's a decent amount of time. That's good enough for me.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, exactly. And so what Suboxone ghosts are you taking right now.
TCL A503DL: Two and a half 12
Dr Katrina Groves: And how's that working for you. How are the craving.
TCL A503DL: That star right
TCL A503DL: I saw here when last week and then use but that's
Dr Katrina Groves: What happened.
TCL A503DL: Oh, I went
TCL A503DL: I was just, I don't know. I didn't want to be over where I'm at that day and I just decided to walk across town. I went over to swamp and, you know, and say hi to any of the family over there and forever.
TCL A503DL: I was thinking about the code 19 stuff. And I was like, you know, I don't really, I'm not scared about that shit but it made me think, you know, never know what someone's gonna die so much. We'll go say hi.
TCL A503DL: Guys know that I, you know, said hi to them.
Dr Katrina Groves: And that's where you saw it.
TCL A503DL: It was actually
TCL A503DL: Walked from there, down to the drug window back over the place over on
TCL A503DL: Waldo where I used to live and on the trail in between there.
Dr Katrina Groves: So how did your body and your mind react to that.
TCL A503DL: I believe
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, but that was a
Dr Katrina Groves: Waste right you didn't
Dr Katrina Groves: Stay there and use
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so that if you didn't have Suboxone on board. Thank you might have
TCL A503DL: Probably yeah I mean like
TCL A503DL: come to the conclusion that I am, I'm kind of broke without it. And so, you know, I gotta have time. So that's a look. I like it. So, you know, it's like, like I've always said it's like it's like mad or something, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Speaking of that, so how's the Adderall. And I said, I think I sent your script last week.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. How is that helping with the add
TCL A503DL: Seem to do. All right. I mean,
TCL A503DL: Sometimes I, you know, like I said, Sometimes we'll take a day off and then take to some, you know, it seems like taking it every day, it loses its effect. So, you know,
Dr Katrina Groves: And remind me what the milligrams wrong.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I don't have your planning 3030 short acting or long
TCL A503DL: Long okay yeah your insurance will cover any short acting without they might do prior off. No, no, it's all their problems.
Dr Katrina Groves: And is are you at Walmart so
TCL A503DL: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And when do you need your next scripts for the Suboxone the Adderall.
TCL A503DL: Oh god, I don't, I'm not
TCL A503DL: Have any labels on me to tell me it
TCL A503DL: Also let me
Dr Katrina Groves: Let me know. Next time we're in a group. And so what I try to do is, is do the group meetings, the same time as you need a prescription
TCL A503DL: Makes me so. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, before
TCL A503DL: Yeah okay well what how often are they supposed to be right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'm you know I'm thinking, are you doing before I answer that. Are you doing any groups of Tony so because I know
TCL A503DL: I've been going there robot once a month now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
TCL A503DL: I mean, it's all this crap, you know, not trying not to go to the clinic much
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, they have
TCL A503DL: I don't really care. I go hug a guy if I see if I found out I knew somebody with that crap.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, I know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Is there. She does do groups like this. Now, did you know that the video groups, Tony.
TCL A503DL: Figure, she probably did but
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm thinking maybe every two weeks for a little bit.
Dr Katrina Groves: With that being a doable.
TCL A503DL: One.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so you'll have to let me know we can figure out what day is better for you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you like Monday nights like five I'm doing 530 group in a Thursday morning at 10. So those are my two days.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right now.
TCL A503DL: Sure. I guess I'm
TCL A503DL: Trying on new works.
Dr Katrina Groves: Monday night. Okay. And so where are you living now is this place that you're here with all the cool fishing things that you're like,
TCL A503DL: Oh, there's scales, please.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, Dale's quick so
Dr Katrina Groves: Where do your celebrity wearing on the stand. Yeah, I'm still sleep in my car because when I put stuff down at that camp.
TCL A503DL: It got stolen. So, yeah.
TCL A503DL: It's it's weird out there like it out there so I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
TCL A503DL: I'm thinking about going back down into Waldo, there's
TCL A503DL: I can't go back on that property. But there's other places down there were, you know, I met other people who own pieces of property around there and
TCL A503DL: There was a guy who wanted me to clear as property, but I wasn't into it at the time and but
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
TCL A503DL: No, it's not strictly legal because the swamp land but
TCL A503DL: With a way to get around it. If I go do it. What
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you hire somebody to do it.
Dr Katrina Groves: So let me go into your past history, a bit Tony, do you have high blood pressure, I would
Probably, yeah.
TCL A503DL: My thyroid was weird for a while. I don't know. I was taking thyroid meds. But then I just stopped taking them. I forgot was, you know,
TCL A503DL: Was all tweaked out. I just wasn't
TCL A503DL: Taking my meds, like I should. And I realized I hadn't had him for like two weeks I was like okay well I'm just not going to take them. Now I feel fine. And when got checked in them. It's normal. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Wow. Weird.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, I don't know what that was.
Dr Katrina Groves: About high blood pressure.
TCL A503DL: Still every time I go in and they sent me a thing and I tried to ask somebody, and they said they were going to look them in, they were good, or I don't know.
TCL A503DL: Is that they're giving away cuff pressured things. And yeah, and like, for if you know if this if you have high blood pressure and you got insurance that the Cindy one. So, and you gotta send them in your readings.
TCL A503DL: Right. And so what so I check it and I like I'm supposed to be taken. I don't know what the hell happened to it. I lost it.
Dr Katrina Groves: The blood pressure, man. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, yeah, that's not good.
TCL A503DL: You should try to
Dr Katrina Groves: Remember what it was.
TCL A503DL: It's a
TCL A503DL: Brain fart here her
Dr Katrina Groves: Life center.
Dr Katrina Groves: I know it all. Yeah.
TCL A503DL: That's it.
TCL A503DL: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah I would call and who's your primary care doc out there again.
TCL A503DL: Pearson Pearson
Dr Katrina Groves: I mean, people are still seeing him on video. So I would just call the pharmacy actually and asked Mike Hey can you send me a result of my life.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, I probably have refills that I could just call him.
Dr Katrina Groves: Exactly. Cuz I worry about your blood pressure.
TCL A503DL: There's probably about time for probably been about a month since I got it and filled and lost it like today's
Dr Katrina Groves: Right mindset now so
TCL A503DL: You're not. It's not as bad as dudes over here was like 200 over over 100
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
TCL A503DL: Or some right. What was it 197 188
TCL A503DL: Well, while you're there, borrow, and
Dr Katrina Groves: 25 and check in and see what your
TCL A503DL: Zone that he's got a cost that was when he is a doctor.
TCL A503DL: As a surgery and stuff. So maybe is a little of it is at least explainable
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so let's focus back on you.
Dr Katrina Groves: Your mom still living. I'm going to do some family has me
TCL A503DL: Yes, she lives in Vegas. So she's like
TCL A503DL: Yeah, like you ever seen the movie The stand
Dr Katrina Groves: Stand. Yeah.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, this was like down there.
Yeah.
TCL A503DL: So,
Dr Katrina Groves: I blood pressure to high blood pressure, heart disease, diabetes, or substance. I'm a mom.
TCL A503DL: She's got a problems. Oh no. Was she takes the pressure pills, but I'll remember what the hell it was she's probably got some I
TCL A503DL: Seems like heart problems, run my mom side of the family. I don't know much about my dad side of the family, but there's really all I know is like there's a lot of suicide and craziness.
TCL A503DL: On both sides.
Dr Katrina Groves: So what is the craziness on the dad's side. I know that you know he's got a crazy and I met her, and she's whoo.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, when you say crazy. Do you mean bipolar or schizophrenia or is this
TCL A503DL: Just gives a friend and
TCL A503DL: She was, you know, she was in a different world.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. And that was your dad. Your, your dad's answer your dad's
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay. Any and your siblings brothers, sisters, on what medical problems that they have or
TCL A503DL: Um, my one sister so.
TCL A503DL: iron deficient.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Um,
TCL A503DL: Now they're now.
TCL A503DL: Recall any
Dr Katrina Groves: Are they, I
TCL A503DL: Mean I remember my mom his dad is really the only one.
TCL A503DL: That I remember you know he had like five bypass heart surgery and okay and I don't know what generative back problems are some
Dr Katrina Groves: Just something that we got to keep in mind for you.
TCL A503DL: There was just supposed to run my mom.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so right now, you're, you're also still smoking tobacco, as well as marijuana
TCL A503DL: Oh, sometimes. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And the alcohol, off and on. You said
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah okay and any legal outstanding problem still
TCL A503DL: No, I mean, I was posted. When I started the program. I was supposed to be in probation.
TCL A503DL: And they were all over me to try to get me in a day or whatever eight alcohol and other drugs.
TCL A503DL: God
TCL A503DL: Yeah, and and then I went in there and gave them my officer wouldn't come out and talk to me at that time. And so I had a writer note about that. I was starting this program. It was way back then when it was still kind of you know and and they just never
Dr Katrina Groves: Followed up
TCL A503DL: To talk to me again. And then if I get my name wrong. I've been arrested for leg when I lived out there and Malvo for trespassing on the place that I was trying to keep trespassers off of
TCL A503DL: But yeah, and I mean they released me. There's no you know
TCL A503DL: I remember I'm reading. There were some do not smoke marijuana thing or something because I had to sign up for being a drug offender because
TCL A503DL: The drug felony. But now it's not a felony, but I never gone back and it just doesn't come up. I don't know. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: Any allergies to medications that you know penicillin or
TCL A503DL: No.
TCL A503DL: I get a fever.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hay fever. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'm going to go down some physical symptoms. Now in the last week or so have you had any favors or chills.
Dr Katrina Groves: Night sweats, or
TCL A503DL: Even just don't know on all that
Oh,
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll go through it.
Dr Katrina Groves: Cold intolerance fatigue.
TCL A503DL: About that. Okay. Yeah.
TCL A503DL: Normal fatigue.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay.
Weight gain weight loss.
TCL A503DL: weighed myself and like
TCL A503DL: Four or five months. I don't know. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: You look like
Dr Katrina Groves: A little a little better better than being too thin like you were
TCL A503DL: Sometimes I starve and sometimes I don't. So
Dr Katrina Groves: Hard
TCL A503DL: Drugs, so it's not really a problem with that, you know,
TCL A503DL: Probably 175
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, how about your breathing cough wheezing shortness of breath.
TCL A503DL: Every once in a while here we but I think it's like
TCL A503DL: When I'm sitting in that car for too long. And I'm breathing my own fumes. You know, you know how it gets all moisture in the air and everything and
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, Alaska. Yeah, upside down.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, dropped my phone. Oh, I'm still upside down. I gotta turn it over.
Dr Katrina Groves: There you go. No, no, no.
No.
Dr Katrina Groves: Problems abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, I know that Suboxone constipated people so
TCL A503DL: Yeah, I mean I go off and on. With that, you know, it's not like it was when I first started or anything. I don't, you know, I don't need, like, I don't know, I might might not help her might not hurt to have it more regular than, you know, I was told that you're supposed to play.
Dr Katrina Groves: Every day.
TCL A503DL: I don't know at least twice a day or something like
Dr Katrina Groves: That once a day.
TCL A503DL: One doctor was getting all weird about it said like you as much as a baby puts in a diaper, you should be doing as much as the baby and like all right.
Dr Katrina Groves: So, do you want a stool softener.
Dr Katrina Groves: With personal meeting ID, Dan.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, let me know if that becomes a problem.
TCL A503DL: No blood in your skirt. No. Oh wait, I do have something weird going on. I'll
TCL A503DL: Sometimes I just got blood my mountain on what it is.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you bite your teeth are
TCL A503DL: Not my cheek. I think maybe I'm Clenching my teeth and making them loose or something i don't know i have i i whacked myself in the face of the pair channel talks about five months ago and put my tooth through my live in my top lips, but their top to say here's the loose since then.
TCL A503DL: And there and
TCL A503DL: It's, yeah, it's still, you know, it's been getting a little better slowly, but I was worried about it for a while. I thought maybe I cracked it and not actually made it loose. I haven't checked out on that.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, it's hard to get stuff done right now.
TCL A503DL: I don't know, maybe that bleeds. Sometimes I don't know what it is, but I do notice that I will be, you know, have had my
TCL A503DL: jaw clenched for hours and not paying attention, you know, and then all my teeth hurt and
Dr Katrina Groves: They have a bite, or you can get, like, they haven't at Walmart.
TCL A503DL: Try and get know my to chew through them, or they don't fit right or you know I found one one time that it was all right. I don't know lost it. Or, sorry.
TCL A503DL: Of our time keeping them out. Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Now there are some that you can make your own in the microwave. They just soft conform to your
TCL A503DL: That might be better.
Dr Katrina Groves: Microwave ones are really good that the custom fit ones.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, that's, you know, if I could find some of those ones like you know like the fighters have that were just
TCL A503DL: Right mold right your top teeth.
TCL A503DL: Back that that it looks like it'd be comfortable. Okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: They do have those. So what about neurological any tremors or seizures or vertigo, dizziness, headache,
TCL A503DL: Still a little bit sensitive vertigo when I like move my head like sideways or, you know, like
TCL A503DL: When I get the angle off on my head. You know, especially if I do it faster, you know, if I if I'm walking down the road. And I say, look up too fast. I might fall over. You know, I'll stagger usually but
TCL A503DL: It goes away really fast and you know it's not
TCL A503DL: Once in a while, it'll be more noticeable, but it's
TCL A503DL: I don't know. I figured, I'm gonna have that forever.
Dr Katrina Groves: At least it's coming and going fast, it doesn't stay there.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then as far as your mood. Do you have depression, anxiety, suicidal thoughts.
TCL A503DL: Depression comes and goes, Man, say circumstantial, you know,
TCL A503DL: But
TCL A503DL: No one ever had suicidal thoughts for years now.
Dr Katrina Groves: We wanted depression medication to Pearson or and yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: I was taking a lot right
TCL A503DL: Go off. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Are you added that
TCL A503DL: I stopped taking that same time as I stopped taking the
TCL A503DL: thyroid meds.
And
TCL A503DL: Fine. But I mean, like, I don't know. I have worst spells now.
TCL A503DL: Sometimes I think about going back on it, but then passes you know so
TCL A503DL: Just take your day by day.
Dr Katrina Groves: And so if you're coming across days where it's five days a week that you're down and only two days that you're okay then you
TCL A503DL: Probably, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Me and get back on it.
Right.
Dr Katrina Groves: And
TCL A503DL: I know that like
TCL A503DL: It's gonna be harder for me to get on SSI now that I don't have any like I there's the Adderall, but like I guess she said it looks a lot worse. It makes it harder now.
TCL A503DL: I'm like,
Dr Katrina Groves: That's right, yeah.
I mean, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So there's a therapist. Do you see anyone for counseling because you did not get along with.
TCL A503DL: I need to go back to
Counseling.
Dr Katrina Groves: Bright heart has our own therapists and you're assigned to one and I don't know how to look up to your assigned to but
TCL A503DL: They can do
Dr Katrina Groves: If you call them number like you just did the virtual clinic.
Dr Katrina Groves: Hey, hey, I want to get signed up with that therapist, I need somebody to talk to. And then they will take it. They'll tell you who it is. And they'll get you scheduled
TCL A503DL: In
Dr Katrina Groves: A few sessions, a month if you wanted, and that will help with your disability because you have post traumatic stress. You have a question.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, that's the one thing
TCL A503DL: I can say mentally that I, you know, most nights I have problems with, you know, just like I got extreme paranoia.
TCL A503DL: Mm hmm. It's like bad
TCL A503DL: And yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: I remember this it like a way with your back to the door because
TCL A503DL: Me. I never was. Now just because of where I'm at and weirdos around there and there.
TCL A503DL: And I know there's people create them through the bushes. I've
Dr Katrina Groves: You know, a colleague and one of them.
TCL A503DL: Had stuff stolen from me. I have you
TCL A503DL: Know it's bullshit. And I don't like it.
Dr Katrina Groves: When you, you also have that traumatic brain injury. So that's a TBI is another diagnosis that will get you disability.
TCL A503DL: And yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well, I would do the therapy thing do you find praise us and helpful for those nightmares. Did you ever take that I know I put you on it.
TCL A503DL: I recognize the name, but I don't remember what the hell it is or
Dr Katrina Groves: Was it was actually a blood
Dr Katrina Groves: Bath at night time helps stop the nightmares.
TCL A503DL: Oh yeah I don't recall really I think I, I do remember that I took it, but I don't really recall what it or you know
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, and how the benzo I think I gave you Xanax, what
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah. Number five or so, a month.
TCL A503DL: I think it was seven.
TCL A503DL: Okay, yeah.
TCL A503DL: I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: saving that for one year like
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, horrible.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, I still got over half of them.
TCL A503DL: Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So why don't you go back on Zoloft, do you feel like you want to or do you feel like now I don't want to
Dr Katrina Groves: Read
TCL A503DL: Right now, I don't know, like, I don't really want to go through the initiation period.
TCL A503DL: Right now, right, you know, like I want to time that right
TCL A503DL: Beer, whatever.
TCL A503DL: I don't remember.
TCL A503DL: Side effects, but I started on a really low dose and then slowly slowly went up. I was taking a, like a pretty high dose by the end of it. And that was kind of like waves like
Dr Katrina Groves: God, yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: But sometimes
TCL A503DL: I didn't notice much when I
TCL A503DL: Started taking it either. But I was on all kinds of drugs.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
TCL A503DL: Because I don't know.
TCL A503DL: Okay, her to be sure
Dr Katrina Groves: It is so the more time you have will just follow along.
Dr Katrina Groves: Our
TCL A503DL: Phantom pains.
Were
TCL A503DL: All over and joints, just like like lightning bolt type stuff for you know yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: Thank you try and grab a pencil for that before. Right. No.
TCL A503DL: No, I won't take that stuff have that will not take out a family member that
TCL A503DL: I've seen people in withdrawals from that. And that's just horrible.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah.
TCL A503DL: I don't need another thing to withdraw from
TCL A503DL: No good.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, I can't see enough benefit. I don't, I can't see that I have enough problems to need to take that
Dr Katrina Groves: Good. So what day is are we talking about here today is do you have a calendar is that probably on your phone.
TCL A503DL: Oh yeah, it's on the phone.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I want to put you down this Monday is to packed.
Dr Katrina Groves: And he said you wanted nighttime. So how about the 11th.
Dr Katrina Groves: Of may
TCL A503DL: That will be next Monday.
Dr Katrina Groves: Not this Monday, but the next Monday. Yeah, the 11th write it on a piece of paper, write it on your hand.
TCL A503DL: All right next to your ID number here.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, good.
TCL A503DL: And that was not a number. The change it every, every meeting or what
Dr Katrina Groves: Good question only for the intakes that's the number, they're going to change it every other time. So, good question. We need to come in half an hour early like 515 and they're going to ask you those same seven questions and then they'll put you in the room and it changes every week.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: And is there anyone in group that you can't be with or just don't want to be with
TCL A503DL: Don't know you don't get that window Josh Is Josh, what's his name is brother do you
TCL A503DL: Which Marino
Dr Katrina Groves: Marino
TCL A503DL: No I don't live around here.
Dr Katrina Groves: No more.
TCL A503DL: That's the only guy that I can't be around.
TCL A503DL: Okay guys.
TCL A503DL: We can be around that guy.
TCL A503DL: Is he still he they both do live down there now and then he's still trying to take that kid from Aaron.
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, man.
Dr Katrina Groves: That's a little noisy, Dan.
Dr Katrina Groves: I got my path is like
TCL A503DL: The worst person I could think of. I wouldn't leave a kid with him for 15 minutes
TCL A503DL: I know. No, he actually was kind of good with that kid, but he was creepy.
Dr Katrina Groves: Do you have any questions about bright heart right now.
Dr Katrina Groves: Like the urine drug screens are going to get mailed somewhere and I can't get
TCL A503DL: My still doing the mail. Oh god.
So,
TCL A503DL: Can I just go to the clinic and do them.
TCL A503DL: Draw that sucks because they're going to go to Frankie's house and
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, gosh.
TCL A503DL: He'll probably send them 30 pages to
TCL A503DL: Do
TCL A503DL: You want to change your address, can you
Dr Katrina Groves: Can you ask that a Dale if he'll let you do it.
TCL A503DL: Send it out, find out where I can do it and know it all of them and
TCL A503DL: Yeah, because you try because I meant to do that. And yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: They're going to send it out and he's yet but they want
TCL A503DL: To say something before they do it right.
Dr Katrina Groves: Yeah, they have to identify who you are and all that, but still
Dr Katrina Groves: It can't. I can't send a prescription if you don't have an address either so
TCL A503DL: Right, yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: And then
TCL A503DL: You just do it general delivery and then I'll just go pee in the post office bathroom.
Dr Katrina Groves: Nope. General delivery. They don't allow you
TCL A503DL: To figure
Dr Katrina Groves: Out. Um, so let me know or let Tony know
TCL A503DL: That if you're going to run out of your prescription before the 11th of May, let me know.
Dr Katrina Groves: Because I'm hoping that
TCL A503DL: It gets after that. Anyway, it's not
TCL A503DL: Like the 23rd later.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, perfect. And please come early to the groups. And what else can I tell ya, I guess that's about it. I appreciate you being so patient and getting all this done.
TCL A503DL: I appreciate it. Not, you know,
TCL A503DL: I figured, they're gonna be like, all right, every time they're like, okay, since this is happening on way for you can't do this or you know
Dr Katrina Groves: THERE'S A LOT. I DON'T TAKE A LOOK. Yeah, this is not a government program.
Dr Katrina Groves: This is I'm
Dr Katrina Groves: Taking
TCL A503DL: From the clinic, then how did they, you know, kick you guys out.
TCL A503DL: And they did not government
Dr Katrina Groves: They did not kick us out. I actually asked to join bright heart because they allow me to keep you guys going because they couldn't find another doctor at the clinic so
TCL A503DL: I'm. Oh, that was all.
Dr Katrina Groves: I joined bright heart because there are private
Dr Katrina Groves: They do this all over the world and
TCL A503DL: I'm going to get my arms. So it just happened to start at the time when you are going. And so that was
Dr Katrina Groves: Going over. Yeah, they've been going for about three years. And I
TCL A503DL: Was like, well you been leaving for about three years. I know.
TCL A503DL: I just can't.
TCL A503DL: Yeah yeah
Dr Katrina Groves: I know bright heart is great. They just do have a lot of intake questionnaires. They do a lot of AI.
Dr Katrina Groves: Artificial Intelligence. They do a lot of
Dr Katrina Groves: Documentation so they have tons of forums and you just
TCL A503DL: Have a lot of us.
Dr Katrina Groves: Well,
TCL A503DL: The positive
TCL A503DL: Well, I just, I was talking to do about that. Why do you put people who can't speak the language.
TCL A503DL: In a job where they speak the language.
Dr Katrina Groves: Right. That makes it frustrating.
TCL A503DL: Yeah, but so far they haven't had somebody who was, you know, like there was one guy that he's
TCL A503DL: I don't know. It was almost like telemarketing crap they I couldn't get through. I tried to call the bright heart number
TCL A503DL: And all I got was an offer for $100 rebate at Walmart or Safeway or something and. And then the guy. Yeah, everything I said it took him about 30 seconds before he could figure out what I said.
Yeah.
Dr Katrina Groves: So I'll see on the 11th and
Dr Katrina Groves: We're done here and take care
Dr Katrina Groves: Get your address changed and
Dr Katrina Groves: Check in with your with a psychiatrist. Those are the two things.
TCL A503DL: Just
TCL A503DL: To be okay.
Dr Katrina Groves: All right, take care, Tony.
TCL A503DL: Thank you.
Dr Katrina Groves: I'll see you later. Bye.
TCL A503DL: Bam.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, so
Dr Katrina Groves: Gene
Dr Katrina Groves: Diagnosis is opioid dependence severe intermission to recently in remission. So he's going to be every two weeks in group. And it sounds like he prefers the Monday night.
Dr Katrina Groves: His other diagnosis include alcohol dependence.
Dr Katrina Groves: Episodic mild tobacco dependence moderate with cigarettes and
Dr Katrina Groves: Marijuana dependence moderate dependent just put moderate he has post traumatic stress disorder. He has had traumatic brain injury he has
Dr Katrina Groves: Depression, anxiety and paranoia symptoms. Those are all under his diagnosis and he does get seven Xanax
Dr Katrina Groves: That he uses sparingly. I can't recall the dose right now I don't have any other computer up so we'll have to fill that in later.
Dr Katrina Groves: Suboxone dose, you heard was 12 milligrams, two and a half daily and oh ADHD was also has other diagnosis.
Dr Katrina Groves: Confirmed by the psychiatrist and he's on Adderall 30 milligrams XR
Dr Katrina Groves: Once daily and
Dr Katrina Groves: He was quite tangential today. I think he was under the influence of marijuana. So he had difficult time with focusing and train of thought issues. So he had some
Dr Katrina Groves: self reflection was poor insight was poor judgment is poor. Other than that, his psych issues were okay I didn't see any signs.
Dr Katrina Groves: auditory or visual hallucinations or delusions during the visit.
Dr Katrina Groves: Memory is actually
Dr Katrina Groves: Poor short and long term memory issues from his TBI.
Dr Katrina Groves: otherwise normal. Thank you, Sam.
Dr Katrina Groves: And thank you for your
Dr Katrina Groves: Input
Dr Katrina Groves: Oh, I sent you an email about a couple things I wanted to put on as a template or the usual regular visits. So the plan for him, would be to follow up with his primary care, Doc.
Dr Katrina Groves: In regards to the non substance abuse issues and the plan is also to get him signed up with his therapist, so he can work on these with bright heart. He doesn't have anybody at Open Door anymore that he sees so he needs to sign up with us.
Dr Katrina Groves: Okay, that's it. That's a good day. Right.